doc/browser.rst, before:

The Browser object
==================

The *Browser* object is the main entry point for WebDriver API. With it, you
can explore document, navigate, manipulate mouse, keyboard and many more.

Those browsers are created by a *Client* object, responsible of communication
with server. Here is a full-example for a classic selenium server, running on
*localhost*:

.. code-block:: php

    use WebDriver\Client;

    $client  = new Client('http://localhost:4444/wd/hub');
    $browser = $client->createBrowser('firefox');

If you are in a hurry, you can use this useful shortcut:

.. code-block:: php

    use WebDriver\Browser;

    $browser = Browser::create('firefox', 'http://localhost:4444/wd/hub');

When you're done with the browser object, you need to close it explicitly. See
chapter "Finish the browser" below to know how and why.

Navigation
----------

See the example to see how to manipulate history and go to URLs:

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->open('http://www.google.fr');
    $browser->open('http://www.google.pt');

    $url = $browser->getUrl();

    $browser->back();
    $browser->forward();
    $browser->refresh();

Set timeouts
------------

Different type of timeouts exist with Selenium:

* **script timeout**
* **async script timeout**
* **page load**
* **implicit** (when querying elements)

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->setScriptTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setAsyncScriptTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setPageLoadTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setImplicitTimeout(5n000); // milliseconds

Finish the browser
------------------

When you're done with your browser, you can call method ``close`` on it:

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->close(); // indicates to server the end of communication

This method will make an HTTP request to the server, relying on Buzz. It's not
recommended to add this call to *__destruct* method, since it may happen after
the Buzz client was destructed.

You need to handle it you way in the application. An example integration is
Behat's integration: it's relying on the event ``postSuite``, meaning *after
the test suite running process*.

Commit message:

documentation of execute* method and cleanup

doc/browser.rst, after:

The Browser object
==================

The *Browser* object is the main entry point for WebDriver API. With it, you
can explore document, navigate, manipulate mouse, keyboard and many more.

Those browsers are created by a *Client* object, responsible of communication
with server. Here is a full-example for a classic selenium server, running on
*localhost*:

.. code-block:: php

    use WebDriver\Client;

    $client  = new Client('http://localhost:4444/wd/hub');
    $browser = $client->createBrowser('firefox');

If you are in a hurry, you can use this useful shortcut:

.. code-block:: php

    use WebDriver\Browser;

    $browser = Browser::create('firefox', 'http://localhost:4444/wd/hub');

When you're done with the browser object, you need to close it explicitly. See
chapter "Finish the browser" below to know how and why.

Navigation
----------

See the example to see how to manipulate history and go to URLs:

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->open('http://www.google.fr');
    $browser->open('http://www.google.pt');

    $url = $browser->getUrl();

    $browser->back();
    $browser->forward();
    $browser->refresh();

Set timeouts
------------

Different type of timeouts exist with Selenium:

* **script timeout**
* **async script timeout**
* **page load**
* **implicit** (when querying elements)

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->setScriptTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setAsyncScriptTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setPageLoadTimeout(5000); // milliseconds
    $browser->setImplicitTimeout(5n000); // milliseconds

Executing Javascript
--------------------

To run a snippet of Javascript, use the ``execute`` method or the
``executeAsync`` method:

The first one (``execute``) will block until the end of snippet's execution, or
until the async script timeout has been reached. This function is useful if you
want to process things on the browser side and get back some value:

.. code-block:: php

    $res = $browser->execute('return ["foo", "bar", 3, true];');
    var_dump($res); // outputs array("foo", "bar", 3, true);

If you're not expecting a return value, you can run ``executeAsync`` method. This will let the script
run on side:

    $browser->executeAsync('for (var i = 0; i < 1000000, i++) { doSomething(); }');

* `Reference of execute method <https://code.google.com/p/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol#/session/:sessionId/execute>`_
* `Reference of execute_async method <https://code.google.com/p/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol#/session/:sessionId/execute_async>`_

Finish the browser
------------------

When you're done with your browser, you can call method ``close`` on it:

.. code-block:: php

    $browser->close(); // indicates to server the end of communication

This method will make an HTTP request to the server, relying on Buzz. It's not
recommended to add this call to *__destruct* method, since it may happen after
the Buzz client was destructed.

You need to handle it you way in the application. An example integration is
Behat's integration: it's relying on the event ``postSuite``, meaning *after
the test suite running process*.
